Hello Arlington! Guess what? I've got very good news. Harmontown is now in session!
Welcome to the Arlington draft house. Won't you please welcome the mayor of Harmontown,
Dan Harmon. Dan Harmon! He's got a camera on his head. Dan Harmon! There's a camera on his head.
Dan Harmon! He's got a camera on his head. You all have to sign a release form later because
he has a camera on his head. He's got a camera on his head. I've got a camera on my head.
But that doesn't matter because the most important 300 people are here in Arlington!
Welcome! 10 minutes from the front door of the forces that oppress us. Fuck these guys.
You mean Washington D.C.?
Yeah man. Aren't we like 10 minutes from the White House?
I don't know.
Yeah.
With traffic maybe 18? There's no traffic?
You guys in this town, you want to talk about politics tonight, right? No, you love it.
That's why you live here. You want to talk about politics.
Are you going to wear that camera on your head the whole show?
Once the red light goes out it means we're out of, what do you call it, film now or footage?
iCloud? Whatever's in there, it'll run out. I'll take it off pretty soon.
Aren't you concerned about brain cancer? You've got a thing on your head.
I'm getting kind of a high off of the reduced blood flow. It's sort of a perfect thing.
Dan is wearing, lean forward Dan and show them what can only be described as a jockstrap on your head.
It's like a biker's helmet without the protection and all the capacity to film your impending doom.
Let's do an experiment. Let's get Spencer out here immediately.
Alright, we've never done it. Dan, we've never, hang on Spencer, what's your, oh shit, Spencer, Spencer.
We've never brought him up this earlier. It's like in chess, bringing the queen out too early.
They warn you not to bring your queen out too early in chess, Dan.
You see a four-armed Spencer emerge from the bushes. He has an apple sweatshirt on and a full beard, full of beardness.
He takes his seat way too early in the show. He is Spencer.
Thank you for joining us, Spencer.
Thanks.
Again, for those of you that possibly don't know who Spencer is, Spencer is our dungeon master we've been traveling with.
At some point in the show we play Dungeons and Dragons with Spencer, who has truly been a wonderful companion on the road.
Thank you. And an indispensable Spencer. Dispensable? It doesn't matter.
Can I get more posters on my poo?
Can we turn my mic down a bit?
Can we get a winterbok and a windscreen for Jeff?
Yeah, all these mocks.
My check.
That's better, thank you.
I'm a town is the place to be.
Saw your mama with an ant and a bee.
Insect colony.
Saw your mama with a bug.
That was just gibberish.
Confession. A couple of those last words weren't real words.
But the art form of it is that's how insects talk.
That was trophallaxis. It was vomit drop.
Insect wrap.
How about a real wrap?
Here in Arlington?
Oh, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.
Yo, yo, Arlington.
Oh, yo, yo, yo.
Place to be in a town I don't know.
Fuck your mama in the rain in the snow.
I'm like a mailman, do it in weathers.
Oh, fuck your mama with Carl Weathers.
Okay, you're not ready yet.
Let me warm up.
We just met these people.
Yeah, I'm sorry. We predicted backstage we always do this.
We're like, there's a potential this will be a weird show.
Like we don't know, like this is a weird seating thing.
For those of you in podcast land, we've got,
it's a perfect storm of comfort and alienation.
Everybody here is their own Captain Picard.
They've all got these.
They're all in these beautiful.
That's exactly what it is.
They're all in great reclining leather thrones.
Every single audience member in the Arlington Draft House
gets a fucking enterprise bridge captain's chair.
Which is fantastic.
The fear to see the expendables too.
It's a great place to watch a Quentin Tarantino movie.
It might be a horrible place to interact with me.
These are all, you seem more powerful to me.
Any one of you could tell us whether or not to engage at any point.
They've all engaged in baskets of fries.
This is the height of comfort.
People have plates in front of them.
It's not chosen.
Plates.
Plosives.
Windscreen. Occupation zero.
P-Hero.
A little audio humor for you.
Everyone is in a state-of-the-art Ikea rolling office chair.
And every two people has a wonderful Formica table
loaded with the appetizers and beverages of their choices.
I just feel like Dan, we might be the only comedy show
to ever be the headliner for a Twilight movie.
Was anyone here?
Did anyone have to come in, watch a Twilight movie,
then leave and come back?
Who was here and watched Twilight and came back for us?
Thank you. Thank you, nobody.
Nice.
Thank God for that.
Okay, I'm not joking.
I've never seen a Twilight.
I don't know what a Twilight...
I mean, I know what Twilight is.
I know it's the thing between light and night.
But is it vampires or chupacabras or werewolves?
It's vampires.
Huh?
Vampires and werewolves?
There's a few werewolves, yeah.
But they're like Native Americans.
Wait, the werewolves are like Native Americans?
Yeah, they're not true.
They're not afflicted by likeanthropy.
They're Native Americans who are more...
They're shaped-shifted into these CG wolf creatures.
In a world you notice has no hiding place.
I don't know. Shut up.
Arlington Draft House, number one in accommodations
for the talent coming through.
I will say that, right?
We're not going to offend anybody by saying that.
Certainly not.
We got ushered in here and the guy whose job it is
when we were asked if you get on a line is also...
He'll bring you chicken fingers.
And he'll do both with equal facility, I believe.
And with equal pride in his job.
I kept going like, I don't...
When we were asked before the show by a lovely guy named Jesse,
he's like, let me know.
If anybody in the audience gets too wild and woolly
or too interactive, I'll take care of it.
We're like, if we call your name out, Jesse, that means...
Yeah, and only if we call your name out.
Jesse, don't...
He's not Beetlejuice. If I say his name three times...
What if Jesse turned out to be the problem?
What if as soon as he...
Okay, they started the show and then he goes in the back
and he ties his arm off and he shoots some smack.
Special security smack.
It's a little black bag that says security on it.
And then he comes out here and he's like,
What did you shoot the fuck up?
You're not safe enough.
Yeah, so first in accommodations of the talent,
I've got a belly full of deep fried chicken fingers.
This is our first show on...
This is day, what, eight?
Okay, how do we...
I think it's not day eight, but it's our eighth show
and I think in nine days.
This is our only show where we didn't have a hotel.
Our tour bus is like a block and a half away
and we landed at five o'clock p.m.
It's now 10 or 30 p.m.
And we just got dressed on the bus
and they've been wandering Columbia Pike
or wherever the fuck we are.
And so this is the least together you're going to see us.
Spencer.
One of the guys making the documentary
we were at this Thai food restaurant
and he said, hey, are you all right?
And he's like, yeah, I'm fine.
And I said, are you going to be able to dungeon master tonight?
And he said, yeah, give me the name of a monster.
And someone said, werewolf.
And he said, leaping from the bushes,
its arms raised in aggression and protest,
and werewolf started.
I said, yeah, I'd turn it on and on.
Should we try that out right now?
Let's try a couple.
Spencer, anyone from the audience?
Not a real monster.
Make up a new monster.
Something out of your own imagination.
The what?
The tooth beast.
Spencer, the tooth beast.
You hear the gnashing and grinding of ivory against ivory.
I'm going to fucking die.
I'm going to die.
Should I even go on at that point?
No, you should.
You could or you couldn't, it doesn't matter.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die of happiness.
You hear the gnashing and mashing of ivory against ivory.
Spencer, I was pretty sure I loved you the moment we met you at Meltdown.
Now what are you doing?
It's grown and grown by a very logical, geometrical line.
That's what we call a direct correlation.
That's just the teeth.
You're only making it more exponential.
Your curve gets parabolic as it exponentializes into the hazy mist of mathematical curvature.
As X becomes closer to Y, I don't know.
You hear the gnashing and mashing of ivory against ivory.
The gnashing of ivory against ivory.
It's like right off the top, like Dan and I, we both have speech impediments.
Dan goes, I, I, I, I, I, I, I start sentences.
A bunch of times like too.
You have the Hugh Grant, I have the Woody Allen maybe.
Jimmy Stewart.
Hugh Grant versus Woody Allen.
Spencer, you speak so distinctly.
Like, there's no stuttering, there's no ums, or urrs, or us, or whatever, it's just, it's very articulate, very specific, very precise, if you say so.
I do.
Can we unveil my partial bridge to the chicken noodle dick song? I want to...
I don't know if Jeff approves of it yet, but this is what I came up with.
I, I...
Here I am, I ain't got a dick, I got a chicken noodle can.
All my life, I've been put in this can as I'm a chicken noodle wife.
Chicken noodle god, come down from the mountain sing, chicken noodle man, you gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta cross the river Jordan, feed the devil soup until your troubles go away.
Soup to the bowl, bowl to the spoon, spoon to the mouth, you're gonna get well soon.
That's all I got.
It's not really, it's not really a bridge, it's another verse.
I don't know what it is, I don't know what it is.
We need a musician to write us like, we need to move to like a minor key there.
I don't know what it is, nor did the people who built our nation's railroads.
Like, they didn't go to music college.
They went by instinct and God, like God went through them.
When you break a man down to his fundamentals, he becomes Beethoven.
Like they didn't need to know, oh, oh, is it the bridge or the chorus?
I don't fucking know, like put another fucking railroad hinge in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the rail, rail, rail pocket.
Spencer, railroad monster.
You hear the sound of far-off pistons firing.
Steam rises to the east.
You hear the horrendous grinding of teeth, and then you see it.
Half man, half locomotive, all monsters.
He's fucking so good. He's so good.
He's a national treasure.
He's a national treasure whose parents dropped him off at the bus.
I have a picture of Spencer and his mom and dad, and they look like our age.
Yeah, of course.
And they're like older than you guys.
Barely. Your mom was in my chemistry class.
My mom's like 20 years older than you.
It still, it doesn't matter.
What's their secret, Spencer? Why do your parents look so youthful?
Um, they drain the souls of other people.
Uh, uh, Spencer parent monsters.
Yeah, the parent monster.
Opening the door to your room.
You quickly turn off your computer screen.
Jesus Christ.
Why are we up here and why are you back there?
This whole thing is fucking backwards.
That's what I just thought.
Tonight, that's what's important about tonight.
I officially cede the show to Spencer.
Yeah, I do.
Advocate.
Like, like, like.
Jesus Louise.
Oh man.
That's a super power.
There was a conversation on a tour bus.
Dan is busy, like, sitting in the front section,
which I call the, the, the, the folksal of our tour,
of our tour bus.
The four castles, but it's called folksal.
Any sailors out there?
Yeah, good stuff.
Yeah, there's a couple of sailors.
That's safe to assume.
Uh, it is our nation's capital.
We're near Annapolis, Maryland.
There might be some midshipmen out there, right?
Of course, there usually is.
Any bachelorette parties?
No, it's, it's Harmonians.
They, it's, it's, yeah, it's.
He loves his yacht.
Spencer, Spencer, yacht monster.
Off the port back.
You see a spout of rising water.
I don't know, that's all I got that time.
It's all right, it's all right.
Free style DM.
I'm pretty sure that was Moby Dick, but that's still, that's still good.
Yeah, you see a hump like a snow hill.
There she blows, quick, quick, cried.
Let me tell you about how knots work.
That was just Moby Dick.
I think I know how they work.
I just don't have a time, any of them.
I think they all work on the principle of making rope hard to pull.
Yeah, he was, he was making a joke about Moby Dick,
which most of it is about the minutiae of, you know, of being aboard a ship.
Yeah, I read a book, people.
A literacy monster.
You see a stumbling towards you.
It looks at the sign standing in front of you.
It falls into the pit that was clearly labeled.
I'm gonna fucking die of a god damn pleasure attack.
He's on a stage here in Arlington.
I'm gonna die of happiness.
I have never, we gotta stop, we stop putting him on the spot.
But this is where we reveal that this whole thing has been a ruse,
that you and I are gonna leave the stage, like we're gonna pretend, like,
oh, we're demoralized, we're gonna leave, and then Spencer's gonna leave
and come out dressed like Dolly Parton and he's gonna sing a song,
and you're gonna find out he can tap dance so he can do anything.
And then the usurpation will be complete.
Arlington facts, Jeff.
Okay, let's hear him.
Dan boasts of his ability to, while he's shirking his responsibilities
for a screenplay or as TV show scripts,
Wikipedia is the town that we've just dropped into.
So let's hear what you got, Dan.
Jeff, did you know that Arlington, Virginia is the rape state?
So-called by Senator Joseph McCarthy in 1910,
who was then six years old and had been raped by his own mother.
Who, let me finish, invented the typewriter.
We are in a fascinating historical...
What a legacy.
What a career.
Virginia was the 17th state to leave the union
and the 14th state to join the union,
thereby creating a time paradox in which it fought itself in 1920,
which resulted in the development of copper wire and the telephone
and the typewriter and marshmallow cream and license plates.
And the movie Jaws was shot here.
And the...
I didn't look anything up.
And they lead the nation in eternal flame technology.
Yes, you guys...
Oh yeah, yeah, there's a lot of...
Cemetery culture here is more advanced than ancient Maya and Aztecia combined.
The word Aztecia was invented here by Carl Reiner in 1940.
Thomas Edison choked to death here on a hooker.
And that's where he got the idea for the flux capacitor.
Virginia was originally non-Virginia.
But it felt the name was too braggy.
So it changed it to Virginia.
Dan, who do you like better?
Virginia, West Virginia, or East Virginia?
I think all my favorites is Mega Virginia.
The secret Virginia developed by NASA scientists
that is in geosynchronous orbit with the other five Virginias.
And yeah, watch us down on all of you.
How many of you here tonight are from Virginia?
A question for you guys.
What is Virginia?
Is it a county? A state?
A Commonwealth.
Don't get snippy.
I've been everywhere.
I'm like an astronaut now.
I'm walking in here with a swagger.
I don't even know where I am.
No, we're 10 minutes from the White House.
Let's scream something at them, Jeff.
We're tired of your bullshit!
Why is it gotta be white?
Why do I have to take my shoes off every time I go through the airport?
Stupid.
How many 9-11s have you stopped?
With shoes.
With shoe absence.
For all we know, 100s.
For all we know, none.
And we do know.
They stop when they go,
He had a thing in his shoe!
They get excited about it.
But if somebody else blew up some heavy shit,
they wouldn't call that a 9-11.
They'd probably call it whatever date that happened on.
They'd call it a 4-14 or something like that.
They'd call it either 9-12 or 10-11.
Wouldn't they?
What if it happened in the spring?
I don't know.
Oh, September.
I just got that.
I thought it was like 9-11.
You know, every day since I was like,
in middle school,
you've loved me.
Come to me.
No, I look at the clock.
Every single day I was very young,
and I see 9-11 on a clock once or twice a day.
It's constant.
I can wake up out of sleep and pick up my phone,
look at it, 9-11.
I see it all the time.
I do.
I saw it today.
I saw it today once.
That's a phenomenon I read about on the Internet.
It's your brain attributes significance to 9-11,
and your brain works backwards.
I was in middle school way before 9-11.
And you remember seeing 9-11 a lot
before 9-11 happened?
Yeah.
No.
Because back then it was 9-11.
It was the emergency call number.
And I would always see 9-11.
It got to the point where it used to scare me,
but then I would see 9-11.
If I would get into a friend's car and I'd pop in,
and I would look at their digital clock,
and it would go 9-11,
and I would see it,
and it was like seeing the face of a friend.
So now when I see it, I go like,
hey, buddy.
And then when 9-11 happened,
that all changed,
because now it's a whole different thing.
Well, moving on with our facts about Arlington.
Highest probability of anyone in the audience
having lost a loved one during 9-11?
Yeah.
And we're doing bits about it.
Yo, sensitive stuff.
Marshmallow fluff.
Invented in Summerville.
But here's where you invented 9-11.
It's a little less appetizing.
Acclaimed to fame, but...
You did it. Congratulations.
What did Wisconsin do?
Shoes.
I think we invented shoes.
Cheese.
Okay.
They invented Dan Harmon there,
as this gentleman says.
All right, come on.
Let's move on and let's meet some people.
Let's stir some shit up.
Do we have a representative of Arlington, Virginia out there?
Anybody who feels that they have something to do with that?
Do we have anybody that believes in ghosts?
Isn't this a big ghost state?
Has anybody ever had an encounter with a ghost?
A real one.
Holy shit, nobody...
I think we just proved ghosts.
Okay, get up here.
What's your name, sir?
Adam's coming up.
We'll be with you in a second, probably, too.
I thought maybe...
Because we're on the East Coast.
There's more ghosts on the East Coast.
It used to be called...
No, it's true.
It used to be called the East Ghost.
That's how it got its name.
Adam, tell us your ghost story.
I was like...
I guess I was eight or nine years old,
and I was in my parents' bedroom early on,
on a Sunday morning.
That was no ghost, Adam.
That's called an erection.
It was haunting, but natural.
But I looked across the room,
and all of a sudden I saw this dark shadow figure,
and I think his head popped off,
and it was bouncing back and forth against the walls.
Oh my god, I just had a realization.
Oh my god, what a breakthrough.
No, wait, I'm sorry.
You saw a dark figure.
You were in your parents' bedroom.
Were they there, too?
Yeah, we were all in the bed together,
because that's not weird.
How old were you, eight, nine?
I was like eight or nine.
I slept with my mom a lot during my parents' separation.
Did you see a dark figure into the room?
My parents separated,
and my mom moved to South Milwaukee.
We never pronounced the H there.
She was living above her mom's place, my grandma,
and every night I would hear her calling on the phone to my dad
and going, I said, I don't know what's going on.
And it was emotionally put me in a bubble.
But I remember sleeping in my mom's bed,
because I could have sworn my mom wanted me to.
I could have sworn it was not my choice.
I bet I was all fucked up, too.
But this is the most distinct emotional memory I have.
My dad came over to visit my mom.
They were separated.
And my dad came over and was like,
ah, I guess we're going to go to the zoo.
Tiki, that was my nickname.
Wait, sorry, what?
Let's get back to that later.
My nickname was Tiki.
And then my mom said,
can I talk to you alone for a second?
To my dad.
So that meant I had to leave.
So I left the room, but I listened at the door,
because it was like, what the fuck?
I guess they're going to talk about me, obviously.
They're not going to talk about the stock market.
And my mom really threw me under the bus.
I listened at the door, and I heard my mom go,
this is really fucking up your son.
He sleeps in bed with me every night.
It's traumatizing him.
And I remember thinking, you bitch.
You hit on me.
You wanted it.
I feel that way about my mom sometimes, Dan.
For real?
Yeah, she's constantly very, really, really affectionate,
but almost to a point that it feels almost sexualized.
Or fake.
Or fake, targeted.
No, not fake.
Do you have siblings?
I have one older brother, but we have different moms.
They say there's a thing, referred to as silent seduction,
where a mother will pick one of two or more male offspring,
and that one receives all of the love, all of the affection.
Because she wants to change.
All the craziness, all the anger.
That's absolutely true.
Yeah, so I think I had that one, too.
You're involved in an unwitting, emotional kind of relationship,
like a dating relationship with this woman.
Yeah, it skips me out sometimes.
Yeah?
That's why I don't live near her.
Did you get to an age when, I remember being like 12 or 13,
and my mom coming up behind me and kind of like,
giving me like a shoulder rub and kind of,
and then me going like, knock it off.
I think that's just a puberty thing, right?
She was going through puberty?
No, I was.
I think the reason I remember it is because I was like,
I decided, okay, no more affection.
Like, I don't, you know, I'm a man now.
I don't want my mom touching me.
Or did she see you going through puberty and goes,
I'm going to get this power up?
A man!
Yeah, I don't know, man.
God damn it, we need more open books on this stuff.
You hear me, White House?
Where's your committee on this shit?
Stop making us take our shoes off at the airport.
And start figuring out our mom's brains.
Why do they want to fuck us so bad?
So, Adam, you feel like you were the lightning rod
for all of your mothers, like, attention in that way?
Oh, and when it comes to the craziness, definitely.
Like, my parents got divorced, like, four years ago,
which, you know, I was surprised by, like,
it usually doesn't happen that much later in a person's life.
Like, I was 21 when it happened,
and basically, whenever I had to go home.
And they come to you, you're in a bar in your deck,
and they're like, it's not your fault.
It's important for you to know.
My dad doesn't even talk about that sort of stuff,
or anything real, for that matter.
I remember my dad trying to talk to me
about our parents' separation and me getting so embarrassed.
I was reading, like, a Spider-Man comic
on the front scene of our stage,
and my dad finally started to broach the subject,
like, way too late, way too late.
Like, everything was, the luggage was moved,
everything was topsy-turvy, and, like,
I was reading a Spider-Man comic,
which was to shut down and become autistic.
And I remember my, you know,
or commit to an already prevalent autism.
And my dad was, like, driving, and he just,
I don't know, I was like,
you know, your mother and I are going through some changes.
And I was like, just, I was like,
focus on the Spider-Man!
You know, it's important for you to know
it's not your fault.
It's just stumbling through this thing,
like, no, finish it up, play them off!
And then, like, they're being in this pause,
and they go, you know, it's just important for you to know that
if you'd stop reading your fucking comic book,
I got really mad, and I was like, I know!
God, Jesus!
Like, I remember that moment, too.
Like, my dad, like, reaching out to me,
it was just painful.
I said, let's connect here, let's look inside the eye.
Yeah, but it was too late and too artificial, too focused.
And how old were you at that point?
9-11.
Or 9-11.
Spencer, just disaffected emotional parent monster encounter.
Hold up, hold up.
Trying to get her attention,
your mother looks over with a lazy, glazed-over look.
She seems exhausted as if the weight of the world
rest on her shoulders.
Do you think that this might not be the best time to ask for ice cream?
I'm going to fucking die.
Alright, so Adam, you're ghost, the ghost.
A dark figure comes in, the head's popping about,
and then moving about, right?
Yeah, it's just sort of popping about and making this sort of hissing sound.
All I can really remember is, like, I couldn't breathe at all.
That's a thing.
I couldn't breathe, I couldn't move.
Sorry, I'm stammering.
I remember being in my bed,
there's a chemical in your brain that paralyzes you when you're asleep, right?
So that you don't, if you have a dream that you're like a fucking hot dog,
that you don't get up and fuck a hot dog.
Which won't be a hot dog, it'll be the ironing board,
and you'll hurt your family.
When you go into deep sleep, they're supposed to be like,
your body can't move, and so your brain goes into this state where,
no matter how much flailing around you're doing in your sleep,
you're not actually moving.
But then there's this weird thing that happens.
We've all had this experience, probably everyone in this room,
where you wake up and you're fully awake,
but that chemical has still paralyzed your body,
and you can't move.
You're awake and you can't move.
And sometimes you can't breathe, that doesn't happen to you?
I've never had that.
That's sleep paralysis, yeah, that happens.
That's right, for me, they say like,
your dreams, like when you're trying to run,
or just even jog up a hill,
your legs are sluggish and you can't move,
that your brain, knowing that the chemicals your brain administers
while you sleep, to make you really just fall asleep,
and your eyelids shut, and everything work, and shut down,
and your brain knows that, so you're kind of paralyzed during your dreams.
I've never had that in my waking state.
So when people are, yeah,
all this shit that happens to you in your sleep,
it's all just various combinations of different sleep disorders.
Like sometimes that paralysis chemical is not working right,
which is sleep walking.
But Adam, were you awake?
Yeah, like I had been awake for a few minutes when it happened,
and all I remember is I was hearing, you know,
the hissing sound and the head popping back and forth,
and I kept wanting to say something, like wake my parents up,
and tell them what was happening, and I couldn't,
and then like the next thing I knew, it just disappeared.
Yeah, but then after it disappeared, did you then go,
Ah!
Even though it was too late, that's what I did.
I remember like waking up, I remember being wide awake in my bed
when I was like 17,
and I remember the full on perfectly vivid image
of an absolute like corporeal woman.
Like a witch in a black robe,
starting from the corner of my bedroom behind my bedroom door,
taking full strides over to my bed,
and like covering, like getting in my face,
like a real person, and I was wide awake,
and I just couldn't move while she was doing it,
and then it kind of like disappeared in a cloud,
but I was wide awake and in cold sweats,
and then as soon as I regained my faculties,
I went, Mom!
I was 17, it was so embarrassing.
They say, they say,
And she rolled over and goes, What is it?
Real nice, Jeff.
And I say, Steph, give me shoulder rubs,
and get to the real deal.
Is there anybody in our audience,
and don't be embarrassed,
you're not going to get bullied like for real,
like buy up, I guess buy applause only because we can't see you.
Is there anybody who is like,
you're just waving very,
is there anybody in the audience who wants to just wave?
But beyond that, is there anybody in the audience
that believes in alien abduction, like mythology,
like the idea that there are aliens?
How about a woman? Any gals here believe in it?
Well, there was applause.
Anybody want to come up and talk about it?
Is there anybody willing to come up and talk about it a little bit?
You believe in it, right?
Alright, he's not a lady, but he believes in it.
Let's welcome whoever you are.
What's your name, sir? Casey.
Casey, to the stage, everybody.
Spencer, alien monster.
Is that a...
You see a circular beam of light
floating down from the heavens
as a green, ghastly figure with a large, oversized head.
It's like an alien.
Alright.
That was too over the plate.
I don't do sci-fi.
Message there.
Spencer's board, that was the message.
Some bullshit's happening.
Go to Hot Topic if you want this kind of crap.
I cater to a specific crowd.
Go fuck yourself.
Alright, Casey, you believe in alien encounters, abductions?
Yeah, sure.
Is that based on anything?
What do you base that belief on?
That it would be rad.
That it would be rad?
That's why I believe in hot tub parties.
I was writing a screenplay when I was 23-ish,
something like that.
That was an alien abduction comedy.
It's going to be like a new Ghostbusters.
And I started researching all this alien abduction shit,
and it got really freaked out,
and I got frequent nosebleeds as a kid,
and I had all this stuff when I was asleep,
and I started experiencing it.
It gets in your head.
I really thought aliens were about to give me Jeff.
People have instances where they have blacked out,
or something weird has happened,
and then the next morning you wake up,
and there's a physiological difference.
Maybe you lost some hair, or an ear, or something.
An ear?
It may have occurred.
Does anyone in the audience think they've been abducted by an alien?
Applaud, if you can.
If you can overcome your telepathic chip.
Casey, you're just saying your mind is open to that possibility.
You think that people, you believe, you want to believe,
that people have been interacted with by aliens.
Yeah, my mind is unencumbered, in that way.
That's real groovy, Jackson.
Mine too, I wouldn't rule it out.
Why bother ruling anything else?
I don't believe in ghosts.
I have a logical, skeptical mind.
I don't believe that ghosts come around,
and fuck with you, and throw a plate across the room.
However, I had an apartment that is now our friend Rob Schrab's apartment.
Rob Schrab is how I know Dan Harmon.
They were writing partners,
and I had to move out of an apartment in LA, Casey,
and it was a great apartment.
But I couldn't afford it, and my roommate moved out, and I was broke.
But the day that my friend and I moved in, it was Halloween,
but we didn't think about that.
And also, the number, the prefix for the phone number
that the telephone company wanted to give us was 666,
because mine is 665, but that's like 664 or 663.
That's that neighborhood, but they can't get rid of the 666s
because people are Catholic and shit, you know, or whatever.
So my roommate was Irish Catholic.
He's like, oh, no, I can't do that.
My mother never called me. She never called.
And so we got another number, and so we checked in this new place,
and we were the third residents to ever live there,
but the apartment was built in the 50s.
The first resident, a LAPD homicide detective,
and then an old married couple, and the husband died.
Not in that apartment, I don't know, a hospital, rather,
and the wife moved to a one-bedroom in the building.
So then it's a great place, and every time the two of us
were out of the house, out of the apartment,
something crazy happened. We bought a brand new clock.
Every time we left, we'd come back.
The clock would be stopped at a certain time,
and all of the pictures on the wall would be off the wall,
but thrown across the hallway to the opposite side and broken.
Yeah, so the painting was on the right side of the hallway.
It would be thrown to the left side of the hallway and smashed,
and left to right and smashed,
and things would be tipped over and broken.
So we thought, okay, somebody has our keys,
and they're coming in to wreck in our place.
So we asked Helene, the widow of the dead guy,
who'd lived there for 35 years,
does anybody else have these keys?
He goes, no, we just put new locks on.
I don't even have the keys. You and the landlord,
and he's an 80-year-old guy, like only you guys have the keys.
So usually one or the other of me and Paul
would be at the apartment at one time,
because we had very different schedules,
because I was an alcoholic and he was an animator.
So he was up early, and I was out dancing.
So we were usually, somebody was at home,
but any time the two of us went to the market together,
we'd come home and everything was busted.
The pictures were all thrown around, clocks would stop,
and the bathtub would, there would be,
just doesn't matter everywhere.
Not like stuff, like if the drain spat out stuff,
or not if it backed up, there was just a random splatter pattern
of stuff all over the bathtub,
and we just thought, someone's fucking with us,
what's going on?
That kind of goes away a little bit.
We find there's an attic in it.
We go up into the attic and we look up,
and it's LA, it's like 78 degrees out always,
and in the attic it should be hotter,
because the heat rises.
I get up into the attic and I look up,
and I see some old Christmas decorations and stuff,
and instantly the temperature drops to what feels like 55 degrees,
outside the draft house right now,
and it's like, isn't it just crazy chill comes over me?
I kind of get this weird feeling,
and I don't think, ooh scary ghosts,
I just drop back down the little ladder,
and I go, Paul, go check it out,
there's some cool stuff up there,
like to get a real reading on this,
and he cleans the ladder and puts his head right down,
and he goes, Jeff, we're never going up there again.
All right, so time passes a little bit,
and in that bedroom, I had the bedroom with a husband slept,
because they were an old married couple,
and I think you find that often they sleep in different rooms,
because the husband snores and farts,
and the woman wants to get a night's sleep,
and I had his room, and I was getting undressed,
I'm down to my boxers, and I just have a feeling
that absolutely somebody's behind me,
like somebody's on the carpet behind me,
and I turn around and I'm like, okay, fucking enough,
I never did shit, I never did this, you're dead,
you don't live here anymore,
I live here now, so fucking stop it!
Stop it!
And nothing ever happened again, so I still...
It's just that simple,
story is far from over.
The only reason they made a bigger deal out of it
in the exercise is because obviously
that would be a shitty movie.
Suck it off!
I got work in the morning!
My roommate goes, what the hell's going on?
I go, I just exercised my bedroom as a fucking guy,
so the end, I lived there for another eight months,
and everything weird ever happens,
I never thought the place was haunted,
there was this weird activity that kept fucking happening,
but there was a time when I felt there was a motherfucker
standing behind me, and not because the guy had died,
he didn't die there, I was not implanted with this knowledge,
I didn't really care about it,
so Rob Schrab moves in a year later when I move out,
and...
Story's halfway done.
Oh, no, this is like page two of 100.
So we're at a bar, Rob Schrab is at the drawing room,
he's at the burgundy room, and Rob comes out,
and he just gets a screwdriver, and just, boom, drops it,
gets a bartender, another, drinks it straight down,
another, and he's drinking it, and I go,
Rob, what the fuck? I've never seen you drink like this,
he's like, oh man, I don't want to go home sober.
I'm like, what's up, Maron?
Like with the girlfriend or the girl you're dating?
He's like, no, I'm just like, I don't know, stupid,
I don't want to talk about it, I just don't...
He's about to cry, I'm like, what the fuck's going on?
This is...
The place on Lowry is like,
anything weird ever happened there to you?
And I was like, what do you mean?
I still, again, I don't instantly leap to ghosts,
I never really thought there was going to be
just a bunch of weird shit happening.
And he goes, I don't know, I was like...
You slept in the bedroom I slept in, right?
I sleep, and I go, yeah, and he goes,
is it haunted?
I go, oh yeah, totally.
And Rob goes,
oh, don't see that!
Don't see that!
He starts crying, I go, what happened?
What the fuck happened? He goes,
ever since I moved in there,
I hung on this artwork up,
and every time I left the place and there was nobody in there,
I would come back and all the paintings were off the walls,
and they were all broken.
And each time I hung a picture of somebody's face on it,
all the pictures were gone,
and it was smashed across the room.
And last night, there was all this weird shit going on,
but last night I was laying in bed,
and the door opened, and I felt,
I heard somebody walking across the carpet into my room,
and I felt the weight of a person's body
getting onto my bed,
and I was like, were you awake or were you asleep?
I was on my stomach, which is rare for me,
but I looked at the clock, and it was 4 or 10 a.m.,
and I thought, are Dan and Jeff still here?
Did we watch a movie together?
No, they're not here.
I had this conscious thought,
and I felt this person get on top of me,
and I thought, it's a burglar,
like burglars in my room, or rapists.
Yeah, certainly not.
Not until tonight.
And the weight of a body
got on top of him, and he heard a voice
in his ear going, and the voice said,
what are you doing in my room?
And Rob jumped up across the room,
and nothing was there.
So I went with Rob to the apartment again,
and I went, get the fuck out of here, man!
You're dead!
Rob made me go back and be
the world's shittiest exorcist.
This has been a Halloween,
Halloween Arlington,
Arlington National Cemetery,
spooky, ookey, Harmon Toonies.
The end.
Jesus Christ.
I think you've told that story before on the podcast.
Is that right?
I don't give a shit.
No?
Yeah, in your face.
Thank God.
I was lost with a camera on your head.
Yeah.
Alright, Casey,
what do you want?
But I mean that in the actual,
not the passive-aggressive sense.
What do you really want?
A sip of whatever that is you're drinking.
That goes without saying.
Load them up, load them up.
But I mean,
while you load that up,
I want to hear what you want.
An adjective, a sentence, a phrase,
a thought.
What do you want?
We're going to give it to you figuratively.
If you could go home tonight and tell your loved ones
something happened tonight,
what would that be?
Joy.
You want joy?
Did someone boo?
Joy?
We really are ten minutes from the White House.
Pancakes.
No, no, no, not in that case.
Don't cater to that asshole.
He said pancakes.
I thought he said in that case.
Pancakes, joy and pancakes.
Casey wants joy and pancakes.
Can we just real quick, Jeff?
Oh, it's a rap?
I thought it would be like a movie,
like a quick movie.
A movie called Joy and Pancakes?
Alright, starring Casey.
With me is Casey.
And Casey is he you?
Right here, fuck him.
Casey everybody, welcome Casey.
The year is 1939.
Hitler's armies have crossed
into Poland.
World War II has begun.
In combat.
Sir, Lieutenant Casey reported for duty, sir.
Where are my pancake, soldier?
Sir, I tried to get them as far as Verdun.
Soldier, stand in attention
when you're in front of your commanding officer.
Sir, yes sir.
I'm apologize, sir.
It was Verdun, sir.
Verdun was World War I.
You're in the wrong war, sir.
Soldier, we are fighting in a wrong war.
Yes sir, sir, yes sir.
World War II, sir, sir.
I tried to keep track of it, sir.
I tried to make pancakes, but I couldn't, sir.
What war was Hamburger Hill?
Sir, you're making me hungry, sir.
No, that wasn't the trick or trick question.
That was Korea.
Sir, D-Day's coming.
D-Day?
Does D stand for delicious?
I don't know, sir. I wasn't authorized.
Don't come back into my tent until you have pancake, soldier.
Do you hear me?
Or I'll send you to Leavenworth.
Yes, sir.
Even though we're not in the Navy.
I'm just a soldier without a war.
Trying to bring pancakes, but I need more.
Don't know what place to shoot or duck.
Germans in both wars don't give a fuck.
Ah!
No, no, no.
During my song, I wandered across enemy lines.
There's a mortar attack.
I got to dive into this foxhole.
No, no, no. Englander?
See.
I speak a little English.
I am a German pancake-meister.
It's coming!
Oh, sorry.
I'm sorry.
I thought you were beatboxing.
Forgive me.
I am from the future.
Listen.
This war is needless.
War is all about destruction and annihilation
and separation between the people.
The lines are connected.
A human from a lesser human being.
I always had that sense.
Can I tell you a simple story?
See.
About 11 years ago,
before Rob Schrab lived in this apartment,
I lived in an apartment with an Irish roommate.
And it was Halloween.
And the phone company, it's six hours later.
Holy shit.
The war is over.
Huh?
So then I climb up into the attic
and I look around and I get the weird
that the temperature just changes.
And so I go back down.
12 years later.
And I...
The cold war is over.
Or beginning.
Actually, we're right kind of in the middle
of the cold war right now.
Johan.
Yes, Sebastian?
Casey for short.
I don't have much time left.
I'm now 93.
I feel...
I feel like I wasted about 24 years
on a story about a ghost.
It's okay.
I really should have just given you a recipe
for pancakes that could have stopped
both World War I and World War II.
You see, I am a timeless pancake meister.
Yes.
I was there at the Battle of Valley Forge.
I was there...
Flashback to Valley Forge.
Washington Soldiers!
Charge!
I'm George Washington!
Cross it!
Keep crossing it!
Don't stop!
Get your pancakes!
Get your German future pancakes!
Sir, sir!
My name is George Washington.
I'm trying to cross this area.
You need to get clear, sir. Get clear!
I would give you George Washington
the recipe to my secret German future pancakes.
However, if I did that, war would end.
But I cannot do that.
You see, I'm here to cast a sad light on humanity.
You see, war is a
perpetual state of humanity.
Hey, man, I don't...
My teeth are made of wood.
I don't have time for this climbing ocean.
The hippopotamus lied.
The hippopotamus bone.
Flash forward to the
spine of the...
Yeah?
You were at Valley Forge?
Yeah.
So anyway,
throughout time,
I could have given Alexander the Great
Napoleon pancakes, and all wars would have ended.
But you see, I withhold pancakes.
Because war is a part of...
It's a part of who we are.
It's a nutritious breakfast
of humanity.
It's part of this nutritious breakfast of humanity.
Like the orange juice is pain,
and the milk is...
Casey, don't worry about war.
Wars will solve themselves.
What you should worry yourself most with
is aliens.
Cut to
Manhattan
A.D.
Hovercar.
In the news,
Neil President
who did the thing.
It's not a dirty word anymore.
Language is changing.
Postage stamps are the new fuel.
Pennies are worth a dollar.
Bottle caps are hats.
Corn is
corn is a potato.
Hey man,
you got these shoes?
And by shoes, I mean sleeves?
No, leave me alone.
Everything's different.
It's 2019.
Hello.
Identity door recognized.
Opening.
Identity door closing.
We're having recognized you.
General Casey.
Yes.
Reporting for duty, sir.
I have bad news for you.
We thought that we had mastered war.
We haven't.
It turns out we are under attack
by a pancake monster.
Slowly,
it rises over the horizon.
One,
two,
seven full pancakes
covered in butter.
It opens its juicy
mind, leaks
glistening syrup.
It charges.
Yes.
Pancakes have evolved.
They have cheeks and a maw.
Casey, are you okay?
I'm fine.
I guess if this could be a 70s movie,
it could just end here.
Right?
That's kind of a...
Yeah.
In the 80s, then they started to have
a whole third act after that.
Then you blow up the pancakes,
and no one cares, so it gives a shit.
Take your kids to it.
In the 70s, you could just end there.
Gene Hackman would run out of frame.
Hey, you!
You'd hear a gunshot credits.
It's a beautiful time to be alive.
What was that one?
Taking a one, two, three?
That was a French connection.
A French connection.
No spoilers possible.
Because it's...
You make up your own ending.
That's the 70s.
Like, Omega Man, Charlton Heston is just
hanging out with zombies.
They're like, you're your zombie.
I don't know.
Good night.
God, that ghost story is so long.
I could have sworn you told that before.
I don't know. I've told you before.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, no politics.
No more ghost stories.
Aliens? Race?
We've said a lot of things about race.
Should we try to break our record?
Because our record at Harmontown shows
is two black people. Do we have more than two tonight?
Oh, my God.
Wait, why is that white guy raising both his hands?
Wait, Casey?
Casey's half a black person.
He was already up here.
Two?
Okay, there's, yeah.
Four? Six? Holy shit.
Wow.
Let's get a moniker. All black people.
All black people to the stage.
Omega Black Harmontown.
It's the half dozen man march.
Yes!
I want all black people up on the stage.
If possible.
Here we are.
If you're a black person and you're in the audience right now,
you are selling out your race.
Yeah.
All right.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven and a half.
Seven and a half black people, everybody.
All right.
Come forward. Come forward.
Should we have them do the Rihanna Chorus,
the Dido Hook for the...
Oh, fuck, hell yeah.
I'll spit some fire and then
I'll just do that.
You guys are joining too, but the visual,
oh my god.
Hold up.
Harmontown's getting more and more sophisticated.
Where the hell, oh yeah.
Okay, so, do you want to teach him a lyric?
We'll do one. Those of you that know it,
get in there and do it.
I can't remember it. I'm so drunk.
Turn it frown upside down.
P is yellow.
P is brown.
Yo.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn your frown upside down.
P is yellow.
P is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Colors.
What do they mean?
Could you go from a scene to a scene?
If your skin was pale white
or dark as night,
would you be allowed to do
a flying kite maneuver
over the city?
I fucked your mama
because I loved your juicy titty.
I squeezed the toe of the milk come out
and the milk was white,
but did that give it more clout?
I don't know.
What if her milk was black?
Wouldn't that give your white ass a heart attack?
Would it be worth more or worth less?
What if her mama's milk was purple?
Hermann Hesse.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
Race.
P is yellow.
P is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Struggle in the city, in the streets.
Every manhole cover is another
piece of meat.
Pick it up like a piece of roast beef.
Flip it up in the air and do it like
Keith for Sutherland.
He was a famous
person that loved gene meat.
Sorry, sorry.
Starting over.
Fuck your mama.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Moonwalk.
Turn that frown upside down.
Race.
P is yellow.
P is brown.
Africa.
Hux to bulls.
Bill Cosby.
Everybody's going from Norman Lear,
straight to me.
I'm the new representative of their voice.
Nobody black has another choice.
You're black, so it comes to me.
I'm like Spider-Man.
I'm the Peter Parker of the new generation.
I'm going to speak for the black
people of the station.
Here's the things that they like in the order
of this. They like carrots
and lettuce and kiss.
It goes like that.
Don't ask them.
You've got to come through me.
What?
Rap battle.
When it doesn't mean I could rap.
I would rather be sitting down
and having sex.
I feel as though Harmon...
I totally pay for his showman.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'd rather part with Harmon.
Turn to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
Race.
P is yellow.
Poop is brown.
Skinagne down to Harmontown.
Complexion, melanin, molecules,
People ridicule each other
Motherfucker, I'm spitting
I fucked your momma so hard, she said
I'm titting, it's a new phrase
It means your tits will explode
I fucked your momma so hard
I generated loads of semen
All across her chest
I fucked your momma so hard
She told me I was the best
Come on, let's go
Turn that brown upside down
Race
Poop is brown
Urban
Differences
Everyone is different
That's the lesson you should learn
I'm being sarcastic
Everyone's the same
It's really really stupid that we come up with different names
There's a class system entrenched in our culture
And the only people that profit off of it
Are parasitic vultures
They sit at the top and they capitalize on us
They're a bunch of rich motherfuckers
Fuck them, god damn it, fuck them
Come on down
Turn that brown upside
Fuck them
Poop is brown
Ownership
Come on down
I'm sorry, I criminalized all of you by association
I'm sorry, I disseminated a film, The Nation
I'm declaring it once and for all
I'm so fucking sick and tired
Of all of these fucking assholes
Suck my balls
I hope I go home
And my house is burnt to the ground
Because I'm a horrible person
And a criminal
I got a little too drunk, I'm sorry
Let's hear it for our nation's capitals
Black people
They earned this
All Arapaho Indians
To the stage, please
Nope, none left
We've got that up already
This show could have existed 300 years ago
We could have done something
Let's do
We should do another movie with everybody up here right now
Really?
Another way
We've got to play Dungeons & Dragons
Stay up here
Do you want all black people to play Dungeons & Dragons with us?
Yeah, let's do that
We're going to play Dungeons & Dragons with all black people tonight
There's a new character
Right Spencer?
Right
Alright
I mean is that possible?
I don't know, ask Spencer, is it possible to have this many people spring on you for the D&D?
I mean they could exist in the game world
Alright
I don't have character
Are you guys standing awkwardly up on stage in the background like that?
Yeah
You can't just ask a group of people to stand up here
They're just waiting to find out if they're involved
Yeah
We could just miss them, I don't know
It's an awkward situation
You know what, it's metaphorical
Let's deal with it, head on
What are we supposed to do?
This is my favorite form of affirmative action
Like my whole life
This is the best
I say, Jeff, here's what I say
We break a pool cue in half
And we put it on the floor
No, sorry, that's not
That's the way we've been handling it
Let's play Dungeons & Dragons
And have all black people
That want to be a part of it
Represent all black people in the whole nation
And they can play a character
That will make up on the fly
Spencer, we'll leave it to you
To include our seven and a half black people up here
So did you say one character
For all of them?
Yeah
All black people have to play one character
I mean look, we've done it
We've done it
I mean look, we've done so much
We're bending over backwards here
What do we want us to do?
This wasn't my problem
I inherited this
I think I'm being pretty heroic
By providing them with one D&D character
He can be super strong
He won't be a kleptomaniac
Or have a stutter
He'll be the dentist
Or the next-door neighbor
Let's start this stuff
Erin McGathy to the stage please
Erin McGathy
Yes, yes
Okay, here we go
Spencer?
Phil
Alright
When we last met
This was funny
Okay
You guys busy?
Yeah, I'm all good you guys
Alright
On the last episode
Our heroes had defeated Dave
The airship pilot
And gained control of the ship
After tormenting some crew members
The group had to find the engine room
And enlisted the help of
A couple of imps
Who were tasked with servicing the ship's engines
After finding some sovereign glue
The ship seemed prepared
Sharpie decided that they should press onward
In an attempt to take the fight to Admiral Darkstar
It was just then that a calamitous impact
Shook the entire ship
Before casting everything into darkness
Alright
You were all knocked unconscious
You wake up in the hole of the black ship
What's left of it at any rate?
You can see that the hole
Has been ripped into two halves
Through the wreckage
You can see dull red walls
Slick with slime surrounding you
You seem to be at the bottom of a pit
As above you stretches in black expanse
Go
Alright
Didn't we meet some people that were going to walk us down the road?
Yeah, okay
So like that I didn't write
Because I thought we'd just do it right now
But do you want to just
I look up and I look around
And see if there's any people that will help us down the road
Three white figure
Three white clothed figures approaching
This isn't you, you guys are elsewhere
It seems like with a quick edit
You could make this very appropriate
Do what?
Can't there be seven and a half black figures around there?
Seven and a half black figures
Approach
Why can't it just be a full
Eighth black person?
He said he was half black
Okay, he's a halfling
Seven black people and a black halfling
Approach
Alright, so right now you guys
That's you Casey
Holy hell
Casey's mutated
Alright
So you guys have been living
In the belly of this great beast
For quite some time, you're quite used to it
But you just saw this ship
Crash down to the floor
It's quite a new occurrence for you guys
I mean, stowaways and shipwrecks
Occasionally happen, but it's quite rare
So that's your motivation as you're approaching this wreck
So our ship crashed inside the mouth
Of the Infinifish
Correct, and I should mention Jeff
Your crystal
Your healing pendant shatters
Into a billion piles of little crystals
That's like in a video game
Because we would have been able to use that
As this happens, you feel some of the crystals dissolving
Healing you to full health
You see a small pile of crystals remaining
I gather those crystals
Alright, you gather them
Where are my hit points at right now?
They're at full now
Can we get our character sheets?
Yeah
Alright Spencer, I walk up to one of the
To this group of people
And I find a person
That seems to be the leader
And she has a red and blue feather
A pink and blue feather in her ear
And I assume she's the leader
So I come up and address her
And say
Can you please help us?
If we could help you
We'd help ourselves
We're stuck here
How long have you been stuck here?
I don't know, we don't have any clocks
Or calendars
It's felt like years
Okay, so a long time
I noticed that she's wearing a handmade
This feels terrible vest
But I regard
I think it's awesome
That's all, sorry
We do get iTunes and podcasts here
That's like the only wifi
The wifi is great
But it's totally convoluted now
Well, so you guys
So
You guys, if you knew how to get out of here
You would have gotten out of here
Hell yeah
I mean, we had tongue stew for a million years
Like cutting off tongue of
The beast's mouth and making
Soup isn't really enjoyable
I'd rather, you know, some
Thing else
It's a fried chicken
And watermelon
Wow
I
Pick something else to look at
And
I roll versus blushing
You save
Where did you
Black figures, are they figures?
They're people, they're figureheads
Like you and I
And
Where are you from?
Your mama
Geez
Spencer, where are they from?
Where are you guys from?
From here
You were, okay
They mentioned that they were actually the third generation
Of people born in this fish
Oh my god, the metaphor's back
I like it
So you don't know any different
You've been born inside the belly
Of this savage beast
This is your ordinary world
And you have an instinctive sense
That it's not a healthy place
But it's all you know
I examine our surroundings to look for exits
Or portals to cross
To what I'm going to call south
For, you know, sake of
Directionality
You see what appears to be a large
That's a great reason to call it south
There's no, that's actually the only reason to call it south
I gotta draw a map
You know, for my reference
And I can't, like, there's no south of a fish
But
But there's down on a paper
Okay
Anyway, you see a curtain
It appears to be made out of some sort of fleshy meat-like substance
A meat curtain?
A meat curtain
A wizard sleeve
A portable hole
I thrust myself headlong
For the meat curtain
I must warn you, strange traveler
No one who's gone to that curtain has come back
We've lost many siblings
To the meat curtain
Are you saying that once you go through
This particular meat curtain
You never go back?
Is that what I'm hearing?
Heatless of a warning, I thrust myself
Through the fleshy folds of the
Meat curtain
You see
What appears to be a snake-like appendage
Whip out of the curtain
It's a dick inside a pussy
Yeah
You got me
The tentacle whips at you
But misses by a hair
Come on in, guys, it's okay
I approach the whipping
Serpent
And I whip my hair around
And I attempt to calm it down
Or maybe to just make it straighter
The curtain
Opens
Three more tendrils reveal themselves
Slipping themselves out
Busy lady
They also miss
Are we armed?
You guys are actually armed with
Daggers and spears
Sorry, you guys
Spencer
It's not his fault
Spears are going to be really useful
As you'll see later
I can't do anything
Alright
Guys, you've been here for
Three generations
If we don't go through this meat curtain
Together, we've got no chance of getting out
I say follow me with your spears
And daggers
I say we send one of the black people in first
Is that cool?
You already went in first
Oh, that's right, I'm already in there
Before they go in, I shoot
One arrow
At the
Sorry?
I shoot 14 arrows
Or two
One of the arrows strikes the meat curtain
It shudders violently
Are we all through the curtain right now?
No one's even tried to go through it
Everybody
Let's all charge
Charge the meat curtain
I peek cautiously through the meat curtain
You guys
You guys want to go through the thing?
We should go
I lead my army
Of black people through the meat curtain
Yes
Failing to regard
We thrust our daggers and
Spears
Through the meat curtain towards the tentacles
Brandishing your weapons
Dangerously
You charge through the curtain
The tentacles whip back and forth
But you manage to subdue them and make it through
Black adventure
Adventure
Sorry guys
Mixed reaction
So we're beyond the tentacles now?
You are beyond the tentacles
What do we see?
A brown tunnel
It seems to get smaller and smaller
I've tried to summon squirrels
But there's no squirrels inside the
Infinifish
Black friends
Is there a way to take the spears
And to prop them up
So as to keep the blue
Tunnel wide
Sorry
I need to stop listening to people yelling
The spears
Can you take your spears and stick them up
So the tunnel can't close
Well we have
We have heard strange legend of
An exit which if stimulated
Properly expands
Excellent
Exit this beast but none have ventured
This far previously
Oh my god
I'm having way too much fun
There's a legend
Of a thing that expands
When you stimulate it
Yeah
Well that sounds
What is your secret
Woman to stimulate
The tunnel
To make it expand
My
African-American elder
As African-American elders
Tend to be very wise
Once told me
Of a sacred dance that can only
Be performed when you have a
Seven and a half
Seven and a half African
Dark-skinned beings
And three pale-skinned people
Can only create this dance
To arouse the
Exit
You're saying we all have to dance together
To coax the opening
To widen for us to pass through
Cease and yore
Wait wait, cease and yore
The three of us
Have only
Danced in the shape of square
Can you show us how to dance
Sometimes in a line
When things get hotter than a hoochie-coochie
If vows have
A beat to drop, we may proceed
I'm getting very uncomfortable
No, we're black, so it's okay
That's what's making me
I do not want to see the TMZ headline
I feel comfortable
I'll leave the charge
This will actually be embarrassing
Open up, open up
Giant lake, open up
Open up
Gonna take my trunk, it's not imaginary
I'm gonna fuck your mama like an aviary
Bird to bird, feather to feather
Gonna fuck your mom like my name was Carl
Weather's gonna fuck her dick
Fuck her butt, I'm gonna fuck her salted
Ass peanuts, I'm gonna fuck her cashew
Fuck her almond, gonna fuck her name
Like my name was Phillip Drummond
Fuck her like a different stroke
I'm gonna fuck your mama like my dick was a joke
You gotta set up all my nuts
Gotta punch on all my tips
Fuck your mama, that's how I'm hit
That's like an open sesame
The rhythmic pounding of feet and limbs
And the flailing of your bodies
Seems to do nothing at first
But then you feel the expanding
And contracting muscular action
Jesus
The esophageal tube
Opens and widens
Revealing a larger antichamber
So we're going down the throat
Into the belly of this
Infinifish
You're going down an esophageal tube
It may or may not be a throat
It opens into a large chamber
Dungeon snap
You can see several wooden
Constructions built together
They seem to have been made out of parts of old
Ships or perhaps other crates
And boxes
But they hold together quite nicely
There seems to be about 16 or 17
Of the dwellings
This is where you guys have
Have lived
Your parents, you know, they came
I said third generation
So your parents came
On ships and they built these into
Village so that's where you guys live
Wait, so they
They've lived here?
Yeah
Have they been here before?
They've lived here for three generations
But they usually take a different path
A less dangerous way
So we just took a hard way to get here
That's just like the corner drug store
Wait, they could have told us how to get home
Is that
Is that your doorbell? We all do a dance
And that's how you get home? You guys saw the meet
We incorporate new people into our culture
That's too embarrassing
That makes sense
They don't have TV, just wifi
So now we're
At the home of these people
This is your guys home
You love it
Once you feng shui the organs
No, that's someone else's joke
Sorry guys
It's beautiful here
It's great here guys
I've never seen such a nice place inside
In a soffigial tube before
I love what you've done
With the throat
We try
We get more of the steward living on the wifi
So we try to make cozy
You really started from a place of nothing
And built from the scraps
Of a, you know, and created
Something that's
Equally appealing in a testament to the
Environment that is this
Infinifish
You could even say we found love in a hopeless place
Yeah
It seems like
You did not land on this infinifish
It seems like this infinifish landed on you
But I respect what you've done
I think we can learn from it
Like I
I pull mole rain aside
Over to the wall of the
Soffigial tube and I say
Mole rain
I don't know if you're watching this
There's a spark of connection between this
Leader and Sharpie
Whom you've been in love with
You better, I warn you
Be careful, I know about these
Soffigial people
Yes
Quirk, I saw it too
But I can't move like she can move
I can shoot arrows
And I can wave my hair
And I can giggle
But you know
I'm going to concede
Don't tell him that I
Your talent for passive aggression
seduces me
That was some passive aggression
You couldn't hear me
I heard the sound of someone needing more
Than
You know
Are we going to talk about our actual relationship
In the middle of D&D
I was just expressing that I was sad
It wasn't being passive aggression
It was similar to the van thing last night
I take our new hosts out
To lunch at their local
Ossophagus shack
While these two have sorted out the relationship
From the tour bus today
We're at the village
Of these people
Who have a weird habit
Of making people go through a tentacle
Ossophagus in order to get
Where they already lived
I mean
We can't do much more than that
We've done this for like a half hour
We should probably cut it off there
It's fine, avoid our issues
It's fine
Let's hear it for America's black people
The Capital Steps
I'm going to give them a name Jeff
What's everyone's name real quick
We got Casey
For the sake of credits
Casey
Lataya
Nice to meet you
Tori
Welcome again
Vanessa
Alia
Phillip
Andrew
Thank you so much for coming up
Wow
Our salvation
There's nothing left
We have nothing left
When we were
Near Boston in Somerville
I had a camper
Come up to stage because I was a camp counselor
I have another camper here
Show off
Just saying
You want to bring her up?
Let's get her up
Alex Fox
Sounds white
But fine
Change of pace
You were asking for something
Now you're being passive
Alex Fox
You wanted to hear about it
When we were in Somerville, Massachusetts
We had another one of Erin's campers
Come up and we talked about feminine wetness
And then her mother came on stage
And she got bananas
It got weird
Did Erin dispense any
Uncomfortable wisdom to you while you were at the camp?
I mean, Erin was just really my
Sexual education
Up until I was about
What, 14, 15
I went to a really strict school
Private Catholic school
So I didn't know what sex was
And Erin really was
Really eager to talk about it
With just our 14-year-old selves
That's not why I brought her up
Did she ever make you pass through her
Flesh curtains?
No, but she did show me
My first penis
No, I'm just kidding
You don't have a penis
I'm just kidding
Totally fine
You're normal
Would I have to be okay if I had a penis?
No, totally fine
That would be even more educating
Women having penises
Is the new black
What we did tonight was kind of antiquated
We're not really breaking down any barriers
This is DC
We should have had transgender people up here
Black people
Yawn
What is this? Gilligan's Island?
Issue solved
Well, I
Alex
You were counseled by Erin
When you were younger
Now we're all grown up
But Dan and Erin were about to talk about
A little spat they had today
Which I know nothing about
Maybe you could counsel them right now through this
You could kind of mediate
Through this crisis
I'd like to hear about it
Alex, why don't you take the mic
And walk them through it
Hey, Alex Fox, so
For the show, I was talking to some fans
This is Dan's side of the story
I was talking to
Two fans about
Glass Blowing
Very interesting
Providence last night
I'm starting to be
It's all the same
Only the names are changed
I was in Rhode Island
Talking to you guys about Glass Blowing
Signing on autographs
Forgoing the opportunity
To write a TV show
Having decided this is where I need to be
Being a hero
Of course
My girlfriend comes up to me
And she says
Hey, the van's leaving
I don't know
If you wanted to go
Or if you don't want to go
But the van's leaving
Dan's side of the story
The van is the only mode of transportation
I'll stay
Is everyone leaving?
There's two fans
I'm not sure
What follows is a 25-minute conversation
About when the van's leaving
When the van's aren't leaving
But I know the whole time
Because I'm 40
I know the whole time
That what she's saying
Without saying it
Is she wants to leave
She wants me to want to leave
She wants you to want to leave
She's saying everything else
And I'm agreeing with it
Because I don't give a shit
And I'm going like
Take what you're saying at Face Valley
If you want to get on the first van
25 minutes goes by
By my drunk estimation
And
At one point she walks away
And goes like
Goodbye, I'll see you back at the hotel
Then she comes back
Because there is no van
And there is nothing
And she goes like
There's another van
And schedule van
And I go again
I don't care
She walks away
And you love glass blowing
I did that night
I never heard anything about it
My first question was
Do you take a bunch of sand and heat it up?
Does it turn into glass?
The answer is no
Dan, my van is leaving in a couple seconds
I already know everything
About this
This is my one chance
I'm talking to some dudes about blowing glass
So then
So then what happened
The thing that really causes the fight
Pops the champagne cork
On the beautiful frothy
Anger bottle that is our relationship
Is
The tour manager
The guy whose job it is
To tell you when
A van is coming and when it isn't
Comes up to me and says
Hey Dan, so there's a van leaving now
And there's a van leaving in 15 minutes
Which one do you want to be on?
And I go, I'll take the one in 15 minutes
And he proceeds to go around the bar and tell everybody
And when I see him telling it to Erin
I was drunk and I was an asshole
And I was going
I was jiggling my ear
And she's looking at me going
And she came over to me and I said
I'm just saying, do you hear how that works?
Do you hear how easy that is?
That's rude.
Yeah, well, fuck you guys.
I lost
38 minutes of glass
Blowing talk
And she asked for a little bit of dignity for 30 seconds
I'll try to make my version a little
Shorter.
I thought it wasn't a diss, but I think that is
Yeah.
You can afford to, Time Stealer
The 38 minutes you're talking about is 5 minutes
I'm sure you're Justin Timberlake
Arm readout has fucking 100
Of my minutes on it
From just
Because I spent all that time talking about vans
Instead of fucking glass
I would have been up here tonight
Teaching motherfuckers how to blow a bottle
Out of dirt
But there's crucial
Should I miss, all I know is that
We're fighting
Alex, jump in, mediate for fuck's sake
I want to hear her side of the story
There you go
First of all, those guys talking to Dan
About blowing glass, super cool
Learned a lot from them
I was also listening to them about glass
And the lightning striking the sand
And that making these big branches
Of glass and things, that was cool
I also had a great time at the bar
I was tired
Neil Berkeley, who's directing the documentary
Was like, you know, we're gonna get in the van
And go, sometimes transportation has been
Tough and people have been left behind
So I was like, oh, well
I'm gonna let Dan know that I'm gonna go
Maybe he'll want to go too
I love him, love him dearly
Went up to him and was like, hey, there's gonna be
A van going in a little bit if you want to get on that van
And he responded to me in a way
That made me think that he was like
Oh, okay, I'll get on the van
If you want me to get on the van, like I had said
Hey, we're getting on a van
So if you want to be cool
Get on the van, and he responded to me
And I was like, I had said it that way
So I was like, that didn't feel good
And I walked away
And because I can't walk away from things
I was like, no, that was rude
And I walked back and I tried to explain it to him
And he was very snippy with me
And then I walked back
And was talking to more people
And that was when the tour manager went over
And told him about the 15th thing
I didn't know it, but then afterwards
He did this, and then he yelled at me
And then I went back to the hotel room
And I was crying in the bathroom
And he came in and he was like
You're taking a shit!
I don't know, I can't see tears
All I see is a closed bathroom door
I start with a logic
I walked out, my face
Is red
And
I said
Because I was sitting there crying
And I was like, you know, I feel like I'm constantly
That whole fight happened
Because I was worried he was going to get left behind
Because call back to the
Mom issues from earlier
Sometimes I'm Dan's mom a little bit
I get his food together
I take care of him as best I can
What?
That's normal
Good job, Casey
Alex
No, I met the guy from earlier
I just saw that guy earlier, he was fucking great
But he checked his eyes
And his sleeves
Sorry, Alex, go ahead
So yeah, it escalated
It escalated from there
And Dan
Dan tore me a real good one
And I was crying for a long time
He left the hotel room
He ran into Bobcat Goldthwaite
Goldthwaite
Sorry
Bob Goldthwaite was in the room across the hall
And so he leaves, he talks to him
And then he comes back and he's calmed down
And he said, I'm sorry
He said a lot of mean things to me
Including the C-word
And
Which one?
Which C-word?
Cutie
It's not so bad
And then this morning I was still bummed out about it
Even though he said I'm sorry
But he said a lot of really
Really cruel things to me
And made me feel pretty worthless
Okay, Alex, you have a chance to
Go ahead and mediate
Here's my thing, if you apologize to her
Then you're admitting that you did something wrong
Or at least realizing that you hurt her feelings
In some capacity
So then, I mean
I think it was mostly a miscommunication
Between the two of you
You thought she was harassing you to get on this van
When in reality she was just concerned about
Not leaving you behind
I should say the crux of this argument
He thought I was lying
He thought that I was bullshitting him
And I was not
The only thing to lie about
And I don't think Erin would do that personally
However, just from an unbiased
No, I haven't, you're right
So I don't know, so I'm just saying
From an unbiased perspective, however
Clearly her heart was in the right place
If she's saying that she thinks
She was going to leave you behind
And you admitted that you were wrong about something
Okay, so by applause
Should they break up or stay together?
Stay together
That's my vote
Thank you, Alex, that was very wise
That was lovely
We're staying together no matter what
That's the problem
I'm never going to leave her
And if she leaves me, I'll kill myself
Sounds healthy
There begin the problems
When you realize that you can't be without someone
Then you go like
Alright, what the fuck are you doing?
Why are you, yeah
So maybe if that's true
Instead of thinking that I'm someone who could never go away
Think of me as someone who
You want to take care of and be nice to
Because I'm never going to go away
You don't want this perfect
Flower that you have to wilt
You want to nourish this flower
Now, let's first of all
Think Alex we're coming up and dispensing
But I think it's very sound
Sound counseling
Thank you
Let's see if we can sum this up
Maybe we can heal these wounds
Via our new anthem
Let's try this one out
It's been a good night in Arlington
Let's learn some things
Oh yeah
I told a pretty long story
Everybody does something wrong
But I'm gonna heal you
With a tender song
I'm so sorry
To Aaron
And Jeff
And Spencer
And all the black people
I didn't mean to do you bad
I just want to make you happy
Not sad, I just want to go from
Town to town and say
Harmontown
Where P is yellow and Poop is brown
Everybody's singing Harmontown
I like the bread and the butter
And the honey and the nutrients
Grow on every tree
And the leaves go to the sky
And drip down on me
And every piece of sustenance
Makes me feel young and free again
And I feel like I'm twenty again
I fucked your mama so hard
That I swear I saw her
In a prison yard
And I'm sorry that she got fucked
With my fleshy shard of love
Fleshy shard of love
I don't think the glove fits
The hand in the
Quitting process
I'm sorry, I got thrown off the rail
I'm sorry, I'm gonna start over again
I got thrown off in Harmontown
I'm really sorry
In Harmontown
But when your mama sucks dick
Makes me feel like
Caged neck
That's a guy that played
The guy in Snack Eyes
His name was
Nicholas Cage and I fucked your mama
On this stage
And I fucked your mama at home
On Ellen Page's back
And I fucked your mama while your daddy
Smoked some crack
And just watched cause your family sucks
That's fucked up
I fucked your mama
At the Arlington Draft
Now it's in Virginia County
I fucked your mama so hard
I fucked your mama real hard
Crane shot
Gonna fuck your mama sweet and hard
Here we go with the
Whoa
I fucked your mama so hard
She looked like Winnie the Pooh
She bled
I fucked your mama on the top of a sled
Fucked her downhill
And then I decided to fuck her instead
Uphill
Into the top of a
Hat
I fucked your mama like that
Inside a chilling bed
And I took her to the bottom
And then I put her lips and spat
On her face because your mama is fat
And fuck your mama, fuck your mama
In Harmontown
Fuck Obama, fuck Obama
Fuck the legislators, fuck the senators
In Harmontown
You're not invited if you ever made a law
In this place, I fucked your mama
Thank you so much for coming to Harmontown today everybody
I fucked your mama
Out of your draft house
Shit, shit is stage dive
Here it goes
Let's hear it one more time
Shit is stage dive
Spread to a curtain blend
Whoa
Our black is half a teal chorus
Shit is stage dive in the world
That's it
Wait, it's happening
Actually, it's not that bad
Whoa
Okay, they're tired, they're tired
Okay, that's alright
I fucked your mama
In Harmontown
Alright, I'll be here for the rest of the night
Alright, goodnight
Thank you all
Dan, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm alright
Dan, cross the return threshold
And make it back to the stage
If you bought anything, I'll sign it
That's the Harming guarantee
If you're black, I'll sign it twice
If you're half black, I'll sign it three times
That's the weird thing
I don't know what message you're supposed to get from that
I don't know
Fuck your mama tonight
I fucked your mama through the curtain the night
Fucked your mama like a werewolf in a vampire ride
Fucked your mama like a unicorn
And fucked you with the horn on her head
I fucked your mama then I fucked your uncle's daddy instead
I fucked your family and I fucked your god
I fucked your mama till she had no body
She had no right to exist
You're a wimp
I fucked your mama till she had no body
She had no right to exist
And I said
I'm fucking you because I wanna piss
I wanna piss on your face
But
I wanna fuck you like my name was kicked
I'd build a pyramid with
Unpaid labor to me
Honor me, I'm a god
This is Harmontown
I'm Philip Seymour Hoffman
Thank you everybody goodnight